Name: Sign Up
Summary: Registers a user to the website. Adds their information to the database.
         The user can login to the website as a registered user with those credentials.
Actor: Anonymous User.
Precondition: The user shouldn't be logged in already. 
Main Path: The user clicks the sign up button.
             He enters his username, email and password.
             He confirms that his details are correct.
             If all the details are valid, a link is sent to his email.
             After clicking the link, a success screen is shown.
             The user can now sign in with these credentials.
Exception: The details are invalid, e.g. the username/email is already in use, or the password doesn't meet the criteria.
           A message is shown telling what is invalid.
Postcondition: In case of success, the user is redirected to the home screen. 
               The details are entered into the database.
               In case of invalid details, the user is still in the sign up screen
              

        
Name: Login
Summary: A user who has entered valid details is logged on to the website.
Actor: Registered User.
Precondition: The user shouldn't be logged in already. 
Main Path: The user clicks the login button.
             He enters his email and password.
             If the details are correct, he is logged onto the website.
Exception: Incorrect email/password. An error message is shown.
Postcondition: In case of success, the user is logged in.
               In the case of the exception, the user is in the same page.

Name: Recover account
Summary: A user will be given a password recovery link to their email.
Actor: Registered User.
Precondition: The user shouldn't be logged in already.
Main Path: The user clicks the recover account button.
             The user is asked his email.
             If the email exists, an recovery link is sent to that email.
             If it doesn't an error message is shown.
Exception: Email doesn't exist.
Postcondition: In case of success, a recovery link is sent to the email.
               In the case of the exception, the user is in the same page.

Name: Log out
Summary: A user who is logged in is logged out.
Actor: Registered User.
Precondition: The user must be logged in.
Main Path: The user clicks the sign out button.
             The user is logged out.
Exception: None.
Postcondition: The user is signed out.
